to the far right you can see those bars
different colors yellow equals rogues
and there's six of them in his a B and
not one would open my locks probably cuz
they hate me they really hate me now
we're gonna freeze it as you can see the
rogue all the way to the far left he's
kind of upset he wasn't invited to the
rogue party I wasn't invited the rogue
slash-and-burn party I want to be the
slice and dice party well he just joins
in any way and contributes his stun and
they all run away because I can open
somebody's box every time I find a night
elf hunter or blood elf hunter named
Legolas I have to kill him for as many
times as Legolas appears in one of the
rings or the hobbit I just have to I
have to kill him his firstborn just
about everybody check it out fake death
yeah go ahead I know you faked it yeah
kitty you can't even fake it right this
is why Orlando Bloom didn't get an
Academy Award and why I kill blood elf
hunters named titleist hahahaha OMFG i
love this clip as you can see i'm
deterring tutoring tutoring trying to
kite this feral druid and certainly
ferals are very OPI don't care what
anybody says now check this out this is
the first thing that pisses me off about
this i pop binding shot it binds this
tree and for some reason doesn't buying
him okay plug number one next thing that
bugs me now I'm stunned problems
problems problems good news is now also
in the DK shown up now he's low on
health so if I could get him with a kill
shot I'd get a decent heel which I
exactly exactly do and boom all of a
sudden to get knocked back by the feral
now I'm really low on health and then
the rogue shows up now the rogue's name
is turtle speed appropriate for more
reasons than one dude cloak shadows I'm
warning it cloak of shadows oh well
listen to me next time still got some
problems but I get some
epic heels and all of a sudden now the
dudes gonna hit me with another knock
back okay big deal guess who gets
smacked with a kill shot and another
kill shot in at the killed by that druid
thanks but I really don't know maybe
somebody should just beam this guy up
and away from Wow check out his name
Star Trek where is he going I don't know
he's boldly going cleared No Doran has
gone before why is the all the way out
here collecting no points not helping
the team trying to climb no dude it's
not gonna work you can't climb up that
mountain maybe he'll figure this out I'm
just like curious look at the guy look
look at a warrior there's always a
warrior bouncing around waiting the rads
down Renzi's like I'm gonna go some up I
gotta go and this guy's still standing
there dude I appreciate the boldly go
where no torrent has gone before but
please to hook just do something useful
please hahaha I'm just tired tired of
stupidity tired of people just not
getting the basics when they can google
it you know it's just not on my contract
to cope with stupidity like not capping
lighthouse see everybody's go to
waterworks as go to wood works and
nobody caps lighthouse I am determined
to teach everyone a lesson and I
certainly am NOT gonna cap lighthouse
eater because I just like learn from
what other people show me and they tell
me not to cap it so I'm not cabinet done
thing about 40 min bee gees and well
there are a lot of spectators and not
many participators check out my good old
buddy mr. hunter just hanging out
watching the war he's just having some
popcorn maybe some nachos who knows what
he's doing maybe googling I'll see I'll
a conquest how do I play what do I do
guys help me out here tell me leave it
in the comments tell me what is that
hunter googling